Type Predicate Expressions iteration 3 (#669)
neo4j/docs-cypher: modules/ROOT/pages/deprecations-additions-removals-compatibility.adoc

The column returns the name of the composite database that the alias belongs to, or `null` if the alias does not belong to a composite database.

a|
label:functionality[]
label:updated[]
[source, cypher, role="noheader"]
----
IS [NOT] :: <TYPE>
----
a|

Extended xref:syntax/expressions.adoc#type-predicate-expressions[type predicate expressions].

> Closed dynamic union types (`type1 \| type2 \| ...`) are now supported, allowing for queries such as:

Reviewer: I think it might be nice to explain what a closed dynamic union is semantically.
```suggestion
Closed dynamic union types (`type1 \| type2 \| ...`) are now supported, allowing for example the following query which evaluates to true if a value is either of type INTEGER or FLOAT:
```

> Closed dynamic union types (`type1 \| type2 \| ...`) are now supported, allowing, for example, the following query which evaluates to true if a value is either of type `INTEGER` or `FLOAT`:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Closed dynamic union types (`type1 \| type2 \| ...`) are now supported. For example, the following query evaluates to true if a value is of type `INTEGER` or `FLOAT`:
```
